magento/devdocs#: Add createEmptyCart mutation API errors (#5881)
magento/devdocs: guides/v2.3/graphql/mutations/create-empty-cart.md

## Output attributes

The `createEmptyCart` mutation returns the cart ID.

## Errors

Error | Description
--- | ---

> `Cart with ID "XXX" already exists.` | Cart with provided ID already created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Cart with ID "XXX" already exists.` | The specified cart ID was previously used to create a cart.
```

Author: **done**

> `Cart ID length should to be 32 symbols.` | The length of Cart ID is not equal to required length.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Cart ID length should to be 32 symbols.` | The cart ID is not the required length.
```

Author: **done**
